alfredo tell us how you found
on the ball point set, I'll go
to tell the truth excited excited
because I've had a feeling like that
little mix of who really is
because once that's the case because I
for the first time he was with computation
ball and yet the feeling that
been all my life in the end I
it all came from a familiarity
of a closeness that does not stop being
curious comfortable and then really with
I wish that this will not end this
pedrerol this has to last longer
it's very short to me it has been
very short fact this has to be talked about
hear and see you sure you had
also the program tell us what is it
that you think you need to contribute what
is what comes to contribute to point ball
that is the touch of yours that you are going to
contribute that it can be different and it's going to
improve the program let's see it's about
that in the end everyone is a little a
little what is really not I think that
there are people who have very well defined what
that what you want to be point ball there
and people that we all have in our heads
that they are not characters that have
a very very well-acquired personality
and that represents very well the kind of
public that is there behind
Seeing me what I come to contribute is
a kind of heritage of journalism
that that motive of journalism is that
it's excessive as I think it has to
be many times the journalism that has
to be aggressive but also a little
hereditary of that journalism that never
can die that is journalism more than
research to know that it is very much
beyond good and with that the tertuliano
believe this that you will have more
discussions and how many you're going to
give better
I
I would not leave anybody calm I would say
to all who are attentive
I see that with
people like quim hogarnech with people like
carme barceló the coexistence will have
a lot of merry-go-round
and I think at the most unexpected moment
may appear alliances that seem very
strong and that break immediately or
I really do not know in the end how
finish this is an interesting cocktail
let's go see good no no no no
I would dare to say it good many times
alfredo and welcome many others
Thank you